capital = 619

oob = "SIK_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	
}

recruit_character = SIK_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = SIK_chiang_yufen
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_jin
recruit_character = SIK_luo_wei
recruit_character = SIK_liang_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_piotr_orlov
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_tian
recruit_character = SIK_yu_wei
recruit_character = SIK_deng_tian
recruit_character = SIK_xie_peng
recruit_character = SIK_yang_tian
recruit_character = SIK_cheng_fang
recruit_character = SIK_ma_wei
recruit_character = SIK_yol_bars
recruit_character = SIK_gao_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_mao_wu
recruit_character = SIK_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = SIK_tan_ma
recruit_character = SIK_zhang_xiliang
recruit_character = SIK_habibullah_huseinov
recruit_character = SIK_isa_yusuf_alptekin

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_government_corruption
		CHI_ineffective_bureaucracy_warlord
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}
